Content migration batch 4 (#2196)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/a2hs-updates/index.md

        period of time (~3 months) has passed.
      </p>
      <p>
        Shown regardless of if <code>preventDefault()</code> was called on
        the <code>beforeinstallprompt</code> event.
      </p>
      <p>
        This UI treatment will be removed in a future version of Chrome when
        the omnibox install button is introduced.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="fb-item">
    <div class="fb-title">
      &nbsp;<br><b>A2HS Dialog</b>
    </div>
    <img src="/web/updates/images/2018/06/a2hs-dialog-g.png" class="screenshot">
    <div class="fb-desc">
      <p>
        Shown by calling <code>prompt()</code> from within a user gesture on
        the <code>beforeinstallprompt</code> event in Chrome 68 and later.
      </p>
      <p><b>OR</b></p>
      <p>Shown when a user taps the mini-infobar in Chrome 68 and later.</p>
      <p><b>OR</b></p>
      <p>
        Shown after the user clicks 'Add to Home screen' from the Chrome menu
        in all Chrome versions.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="clearfix"></div>

## The mini-infobar

<figure class="attempt-right">
  <img
      class="screenshot"

>       src="/web/updates/images/2018/06/a2hs-infobar-cropped.png">

Reviewer: image needs uploading to this site and correct figure markup used.

  <figcaption>
    The mini-infobar
  </figcaption>
</figure>

The mini-infobar is a Chrome UI component and is not controllable by the site,
but can be easily dismissed by the user. Once dismissed by the user, it will
not appear again until a sufficient amount of time has passed
(currently 3 months). The mini-infobar will appear when the site meets the
[add to home screen criteria](https://web.dev/install-criteria/),
regardless of whether you `preventDefault()` on the `beforeinstallprompt` event
or not.

<div class="clearfix"></div>

> <figure class="attempt-right">

Reviewer: and here

  <img
      class="screenshot"
      src="/web/updates/images/2018/06/a2hs-omnibox-cropped.png" >
  <figcaption>
    Early concept of the install button in the omnibox
  </figcaption>
</figure>
The mini-infobar is an interim experience for Chrome on Android as we work
towards creating a consistent experience across all platforms that includes
an install button into the omnibox.

<div class="clearfix"></div>

## Triggering the add to home screen dialog {: #trigger }

> <figure class="attempt-left" style="max-width: 200px">

Reviewer: and here

  <img class="screenshot" src="/web/updates/images/2018/06/a2hs-spotify.png" >
  <figcaption>
    Install button on a Desktop Progressive Web App
  </figcaption>
</figure>

Instead of prompting the user on page load (an
[anti-pattern for permission requests](/web/fundamentals/native-hardware/user-location/#ask_permission_responsibly)),
you can indicate your app can be installed with some UI, which will then show
the modal install prompt. For example this desktop PWA adds an
‘Install App’ button just above the user's profile name.

Prompting to install your app on a user gesture feels less spammy to the user
and increases the likelihood that they’ll click ‘Add’ instead of ‘Cancel’.
Incorporating an Install button into your app means that even if the user
chooses not to install your app today, the button will still be there
tomorrow, or whenever they’re ready to install.

<div class="clearfix"></div>

> ### Listening for the `beforeinstallprompt` event {: #listening }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Listening for the `beforeinstallprompt` event
```

If your site meets the
[add to home screen criteria](https://web.dev/install-criteria/),
Chrome will fire a `beforeinstallprompt` event, save a reference to the event,
and update your user interface to indicate that the user can add your app to
their home screen.

```js
let installPromptEvent;

window.addEventListener('beforeinstallprompt', event => {
  // Prevent Chrome <= 67 from automatically showing the prompt
  event.preventDefault();
  // Stash the event so it can be triggered later.
  installPromptEvent = event;
  // Update the install UI to notify the user app can be installed
  document.querySelector('#install-button').disabled = false;
});
```

Note: Your site must meet the
[add to home screen criteria](https://web.dev/install-criteria/)
in order for the `beforeinstallprompt` event to be fired and your app installed.

The `beforeinstallprompt` event will not be fired if the app is already
installed (see the
[add to home screen criteria](https://web.dev/install-criteria/)).
But if the user later uninstalls the app, the `beforeinstallprompt` event will
again be fired on each page navigation.

### Showing the dialog with `prompt()` {: #showing-the-prompt }

> <figure class="attempt-right">

Reviewer: and this one

      src="/web/updates/images/2018/06/a2hs-dialog-cropped.png">
  <figcaption>
    Add to home screen dialog
  </figcaption>
</figure>

To show the add to home screen dialog, call `prompt()` on the saved event from
within a user gesture. Chrome will show the modal dialog, prompting the user
to add your app to their home screen. Then, listen for the promise returned by
the `userChoice` property of the `beforeinstallprompt` event. The promise
returns an object with an `outcome` property after the prompt has shown and
the user has responded to it.

<div class="clearfix"></div>

```js
btnInstall.addEventListener('click', () => {
  // Update the install UI to remove the install button
  document.querySelector('#install-button').disabled = true;
  // Show the modal add to home screen dialog
  installPromptEvent.prompt();
  // Wait for the user to respond to the prompt
  installPromptEvent.userChoice.then(choice => {
    if (choice.outcome === 'accepted') {
      console.log('User accepted the A2HS prompt');
    } else {
      console.log('User dismissed the A2HS prompt');
    }
    // Clear the saved prompt since it can't be used again
    installPromptEvent = null;
  });
});
```

> Note: Although the `beforeinstallprompt` event may be fired without a user
> gesture, calling `prompt()` requires one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
Although the `beforeinstallprompt` event may be fired without a user
gesture, calling `prompt()` requires one.
{% endAside %}
```
